I think well I think this is my 12th
production directing but it's directing
to New a whole new team two guys who
have never done it before which is
really exciting so it's fun to get to
watch somebody kind of approach this
piece which is to be quite honest a
really daunting piece it's a play that
demands a lot of comedy there's some
very serious dramatic scenes as well
more than a naturalistic side of things
so it's basically the kind of the whole
range of your of your metal is tested I
think they each between them play maybe
18 different parts I love the
opportunity to play multiple characters
so for in 44 there are how many what's
in what and you also have to be able to
play piano at a really high level we
have to really play this thing and it's
you know it's the first movement of a
Bach concerto I would say the word
daunting is excellent
they begin with the bhakti minor and
then along the way they touch on many of
the pieces that you would play as you're
learning to play the piano you know
early classical pieces but also there's
a lot of there's a whole big section of
pop music in it so there's bit of Billy
Joel than Jerry Lee Lewis bit of Elton
John in there as well it happens to be
about piano or using the MacGuffin of
the piano to tell the story about what
happens when reality descends on a dream
but the story involves watching these
two people go from being like five or
six years old to being adults or four
you know your first dream whatever you
want it to be when you if you want to be
a baseball player playing the major
leagues but you're just three inches too
short you know it's inspiring to
remember that those feelings are like
the boundless optimism read about life
people would come up after the show and
talk about themselves not talking about
the show say at that moment when the dad
did this to the kid and I lived through
that or they come up and say you know I
it was so cringy for me because I was
that Dad at a certain point you know
it's it's a buddy story too it's very
much a buddy's gonna start but the you
end up having to sort of figure out
where you fit in in the world nobody has
spared that and that's why the plague
resonate so much
Oh